Parsing Inbound Email
When email is received, ServiceNow parses the email and populates the properties on the global email variable.

email.to: Contains a comma-separated list of email addresses in the To: and Cc: fields.
email.direct: Contains a comma-separated list of email addresses in the To: field.
email.copied: Contains a comma-separated list of email addresses in the Cc: field.
email.body_text: Contains the body of the email as a plain text string.
email.body_html: Contains the body of the email as an HTML string.
email.from: Contains an email address that depends on the following conditions:
If the address listed in the email Headers field matches an existing user’s Email address, this variable contains the user’s email address.
If the address listed in the email Headers field does not match an existing user’s Email address, this variable contains the address listed in the email Headers field.
email.from_sys_id: Contains the Sys ID of the user who sent the email to the instance.
email.origemail: Contains the email sender’s address as listed in the email Headers field.
email.subject: Contains the email’s subject as a plain text string.
email.recipients: Contains a comma-separated list of recipient addresses.
email.recipients_array: Contains the recipient addresses as an array.
email.content_type: Contains the MIME content type of the email (for example,text/plain; charset=“us-ascii“ or text/html; charset=“us-ascii“).
email.headers: Contains details about the sender, route, and receiver as a plain text string in the format of the sending email client.
If an email body contains name/value pairs with this syntax:

<string>:<string>

then an email object property is automatically created and populated. For example, if the string Var1:Value1 appears in the email body, the property email.body.var1 is created and the property value is Value1.

ServiceNow parses data from the inbound email into the email variable.
To see several of the email object values from the parsed message, use the Application Navigator to open System Mailboxes > Inbound > Received.

In the Received mailbox you can see the subject, recipients, body, content type, and headers.
Log in to provide feedback to improve your experience
